#Basic Details

	organism - mandatory
    Full name of organism (generally Genus+species). Formal names should include subspecies (subsp.), variety (var.) and forma (f.) if applicable, Example: Escherichia coli, uncultured bacterium, Bacillus sp. 654g14, Quercus ruber, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Treponema pallidum subsp. pallidum

	is your organism from an environmental; metagenomic or uncultured prokaryotic/fungal sample? (yes/no) - mandatory
    Environmental samples are those which are derived from direct sequencing of a bulk anonymous sample. Prokaryote/fungi from environmental samples are not culturable and so cannot be identified morphologically. Such organisms are prefixed with the term uncultured., Example: If yes, isolation source information is mandatory

	strain name - optional
    Name or identifier for strain, typically a collection prefix followed by a number. This is NOT the organism name., Example: DSM 5432, BALB/c

	haplotype - optional
    The haplotype designation to which these sequence belongs

	5' gene - mandatory
    The 5prime upstream gene symbol, Example: psbA

	is the 5prime upstream gene present in the sequence? - mandatory
    yes if any part of the upstream gene is present in the sequence, Example: yes or no

	3' gene - mandatory
    The 3prime downstream gene symbol, Example: trnH

	is the 3prime downstream gene present in the sequence? - mandatory
    yes if any part of the downstream gene is present in the sequence, Example: yes or no

	organelle - optional
    Mandatory if a sequence originates from an intracellular structure other than nucleus, Example: mitochondrion, chloroplast, plastid

	clone identifier - optional
    Identifier given to each clone in a sequenced library, Example: a2314_1296, lib1_b_9

	isolate name - optional
    Name given to the sample or environmental isolate that has been sequenced, Example: isolate#3, 654g14, individual 5

	isolation source - optional
    Physical geography of sampling/isolation site, Example: fast-flowing river, microbial mat

#Further taxonomy

	cultivar - optional
    Name of cultivated variety (plants only). Should not be included within the organism name, Example: Ixtapa, Maris Piper

	variety (varietas) - optional
    Officially recognised variety (mainly plants and fungi). Generally included in the organism name too, e.g., Amanita muscaria var. alba, Example: albiflorus, minor

	ecotype - optional
    A population within a given species displaying genetically based, phenotypic traits that reflect adaptation to a local habitat. Commonly applied to Arabidopsis thaliana stocks, Example: Columbia

	breed - optional
    Name of genetically-modified or artifically-selected for animal (farm animals, domesticated animals etc.), Example: Large White, Berkshire

#Repository Data

	culture collection - optional
    Reference to a live microbial or fungal culture or cell line in a curated culture collection see http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/WebFeat/qualifiers/culture_collection.html, Example: ATCC:26370

	specimen voucher - optional
    Reference to a physical specimen from a curated or lab herbarium, museum or tissue collection, Example: freetext like 99-SRNP-2003; structured like AMCC:101706

	biomaterial - optional
    Reference to a living specimen or direct DNA sample from zoos, aquaria, stock centres, seed banks, germplasm repositories and DNA banks. Use where Culture Collection or Specimen Voucher are not appropriate., Example: freetext like AB12345; structured like CGC:CB3912

#Geographic Source

	country - optional
    Political name of country or ocean in which sequenced sample or isolate was collected, Example: France, China, Pacific Ocean

	geographic area - optional
    Political name of the area of country or ocean in which sequenced sample or isolate was collected. Must have Country selected, Example: Cambridge, Bordeaux, North Altantic Ridge

	locality - optional
    More geographic-specific location where sequenced material was sourced. Must have Country AND Geographic area selected, Example: York, Colton, Loch Ness

	latitude/longitude - optional
    Geographical coordinates of the location where the specimen was collected, in decimal degrees (to 2 places), Example: 47.94 N 28.12 W or 45.01 S 4.12 E

#Further Sample Data

	collection date - optional
    Date of collection of the original sample/organism, Example: 08-Mar-1975, Mar-1975, 1975

	collected by - optional
    Collector(s) of the sample

	sex of organism - optional
    Sex of organism sequence, Example: male, female, mixed

	mating type - optional
    Mating type of prokaryotes and eukaryotes that undergo meiosis without sexually dimorphic gametes, Example: plus, minus

	tissue type - optional
    The tissue type from which the DNA was extracted, Example: liver, whole organism, blood

	development stage - optional
    Developmental stage of the organism, either a named stage, or a measurement of time, Example: fourth instar larva, 3 day old, blastula

	cell type - optional
    Cell type (in a multicellular organism) from which sequence was generated, Example: CD4+ lymphocyte, palisade cell

	natural host - optional
    The natural host of the organism from which the sequenced material was taken, Example: Bos taurus

	laboratory host - optional
    The laboratory host of the organism from which the sequenced material was taken, Example: Mus musculus

#PCR primers

	forward primer name - optional
    name of the forward direction PCR primer

	forward primer sequence - optional
    sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets

	reverse primer name - optional
    name of the reverse direction PCR primer

	reverse primer sequence - optional
    sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets

#Sequence

	sequence - mandatory
    Nucleotide sequence that has been generated.
