#Basic Details

	organism - mandatory
    Formal taxonomic name of organism., Example: uncultured mycorrhizal fungus, Allomyces javanicus, Glomus sp. 123

	strain name - optional
    Name or identifier for strain, typically a collection prefix followed by a number., Example: DSM 5432, BALB/c

	clone identifier - optional
    Identifier given to each clone in a sequenced library., Example: a2314_1296, lib1_b_9

	isolate name - optional
    Name given to the environmental isolate that has been sequenced., Example: isolate#3, 654g14

	is your organism from an environmental/metagenomic/uncultured sample? (yes/no) - mandatory
    Environmental samples are those which are derived from direct sequencing of a bulk anonymous sample. Prokaryote/fungi from environmental samples are not culturable and so cannot be identified morphologically. Such organisms are prefixed with the term uncultured., Example: If yes, isolation source information is mandatory

	isolation source - optional
    Physical geography of sampling/isolation site must be present for environmental samples., Example: fast-flowing river, microbial mat

#Additional collection details

	culture collection - optional
    to annotate live microbial and fungal cultures, and cell lines that have been deposited in or obtained from curated culture collections. http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/WebFeat/qualifiers/culture_collection.html, Example: ATCC:26370

	country - optional
    Political name of country or ocean in which sequenced sample or isolate was collected., Example: France, China, Pacific Ocean

	geographic area - optional
    Political name of the area of country or ocean in which sequenced sample or isolate was collected. Must have Country selected., Example: Cambridge, Bordeaux, North Altantic Ridge

	locality - optional
    More geographic-specific location where sequenced material was sourced. Must have Country AND Geographic area selected., Example: York, Colton, Loch Ness

	latitude/longitude - optional
    Geographical coordinates of the location where the specimen was collected, in decimal degrees (to 2 places)., Example: 47.94 N 28.12 W or 45.01 S 4.12 E

	natural host - optional
    The natural host of the organism from which the sequenced material was taken.

	collection date - optional
    Date of collection of the original sample/organism., Example: 08-Mar-1975, Mar-1975, 1975

	collected by - optional
    Collector(s) of the sample/organism.

	identified by - optional
    Identifier(s) of the sample/organism.

#Plant/Fungal specific

	variety - optional
    variety (= varietas, a formal Linnaean rank) of organism from which sequence was derived. Use the cultivar qualifier for cultivated plant varieties, i.e., products of artificial selection.

	cultivar - optional
    cultivar (cultivated variety) of plant from which sequence was obtained, and is applied solely to products of artificial selection; use the variety qualifier for natural, named plant and fungal varieties.

	ecotype - optional
    A population within a given species displaying genetically based, phenotypic traits that reflect adaptation to a local habitat.

	specimen voucher - optional
    Reference to the physical specimen from which the sequence was obtained (e.g. curated museum collection). http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/WebFeat/qualifiers/specimen_voucher.html, Example: AMCC:101706

#PCR Primers

	forward primer name - optional
    Name of the forward direction PCR primer.

	forward primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	reverse primer name - optional
    Name of the reverse direction PCR primer.

	reverse primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	2nd forward primer name - optional
    Name of the 2nd forward direction PCR primer.

	2nd forward primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	2nd reverse primer name - optional
    Name of the 2nd reverse direction PCR primer.

	2nd reverse primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

#Features

	18s rrna present - mandatory
    indicate if partial or complete 18S sequence is included.

	its1 present - mandatory
    indicate if partial or complete ITS1 sequence is included.

	5.8s rrna present - mandatory
    indicate if partial or complete 5.8S sequence is included.

	its2 present - mandatory
    indicate if partial or complete ITS2 sequence is included.

	28s rrna present - mandatory
    indicate if partial or complete 28S sequence is included.

#Sequence

	sequence - mandatory
    Sequence
