#Mandatory Fields and Questions

	organism - mandatory
    Full name of organism (generally Genus+species). Formal names should include subspecies (subsp.), variety (var.) and forma (f.) if applicable., Example: Bos taurus, Quercus ruber, Saccharomyces cerevisiae

	is your organism from an environmental/uncultured sample? (yes/no) - mandatory
    Environmental samples are those which are derived from direct sequencing of a bulk anonymous sample. Fungi from environmental samples are not culturable and so cannot be identified morphologically. Such organisms are prefixed with the term uncultured., Example: If yes, isolation source information is mandatory

	organelle - optional
    Mandatory if a sequence originates from an intracellular structure other than nucleus., Example: mitochondrion, chloroplast, plastid

	gene - mandatory
    Symbol of the gene corresponding to a sequence region., Example: RdRp, sigA, inv

	intron partial at 5' ? (yes/no) - mandatory
    For an incomplete intron with the start upstream of the submitted sequence.

	intron partial at 3' ? (yes/no) - mandatory
    For an incomplete intron with the stop codon downstream of the submitted sequence.

	5' intron location - mandatory
    Start of the intron region relative to the submitted sequence. For a full length intron this is the position of the first base of the intron.

	3' intron location - mandatory
    End of the intron region relative to the submitted sequence. For a full length intron this is the position of the last base of the intron.

	intron number - mandatory
    The intron number relative to the whole gene. , Example: 2

#Basic Details

	strain name - optional
    Name or identifier for strain, typically a collection prefix followed by a number. This is NOT the organism name., Example: BALB/c

	clone identifier - optional
    Identifier given to each clone in a sequenced library., Example: a2314_1296, lib1_b_9

	isolate name - optional
    Name given to the sample or environmental isolate that has been sequenced., Example: isolate#3, 654g14, individual 5

	isolation source - optional
    Physical geography of sampling/isolation site., Example: river bank, skin of Vitis vinifera fruit

	plasmid - optional
    Plasmid from which the sequence was obtained. It's a replicon that cannot be described by /chromosome or /segment., Example: pKJK5

#Gene Details

	allele - optional
    Name of one particular form for the given gene., Example: inv-1, inv-2

	chromosome - optional
    Chromosome from which the sequence was obtained., Example: 2

	map - optional
    Genomic map position of the submitted sequence., Example: 8q12-q13

	inference type - optional
    Type of non-experimental evidence that supports the feature identification. Must have the field Inference Accession selected., Example: similar to DNA sequence

	inference accession - optional
    A reference to a database entry, must contain an accession and version, or an algorithm including version. Must have the field Inference Type selected., Example: FM123456.1

	haplotype - optional
    Name for a combination of alleles that are linked together on the same physical chromosome., Example: Dw3 B5 Cw1 A1

#Further taxonomy

	cultivar - optional
    Name of cultivated variety (plants only). Should not be included within the organism name., Example: Ixtapa, Maris Piper

	variety (varietas) - optional
    Officially recognised variety (mainly plants and fungi) approved by the Botanical Code. Generally included in the organism name too, e.g., Amanita muscaria var. alba., Example: albiflorus, minor

	ecotype - optional
    A population within a given species displaying genetically based, phenotypic traits that reflect adaptation to a local habitat. Commonly applied to Arabidopsis thaliana stocks., Example: Columbia

	breed - optional
    Name of genetically-modified or artifically-selected for animal (farm animals, domesticated animals etc.), Example: Large White, Berkshire

#Repository Data

	culture collection - optional
    Reference to a live fungal culture or cell line in a curated culture collection see http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/WebFeat/qualifiers/culture_collection.html, Example: ATCC:26370

	specimen voucher - optional
    Reference to a physical specimen from a curated or lab herbarium, museum or tissue collection., Example: freetext like 99-SRNP-2003; structured like AMCC:101706

	biomaterial - optional
    Reference to a living specimen or direct DNA sample from zoos, aquaria, stock centres, seed banks, germplasm repositories and DNA banks. Use where Culture Collection or Specimen Voucher are not appropriate., Example: freetext like AB12345; structured like CGC:CB3912

#Geographic Source

	country - optional
    Political name of country or ocean in which sequenced sample or isolate was collected., Example: France, China, Pacific Ocean

	geographic area - optional
    Political name of the area of country or ocean in which sequenced sample or isolate was collected. Must have Country selected., Example: Cambridgeshire, Bordeaux, North Altantic Ridge

	locality - optional
    More geographic-specific location where sequenced material was sourced. Must have Country AND Geographic area selected., Example: York, Colton, Loch Ness

	latitude/longitude - optional
    Geographical coordinates of the location where the specimen was collected, in decimal degrees (to 2 places)., Example: 47.94 N 28.12 W or 45.01 S 4.12 E

#Further Sample Data

	collection date - optional
    Date of collection of the original sample/organism., Example: 08-Mar-1975, Mar-1975, 1975

	sex of organism - optional
    Sex of organism sequenced., Example: male, female, mixed

	mating type - optional
    Mating type of eukaryotes that undergo meiosis without sexually dimorphic gametes., Example: plus, minus

	tissue type - optional
    The tissue type from which the DNA was extracted., Example: liver, whole organism, blood

	natural host - optional
    The natural host of the organism from which the sequenced material was taken., Example: Solanum lycopersicum

	laboratory host - optional
    The laboratory host of the organism from which the sequenced material was taken., Example: Solanum tuberosum

#PCR Primers

	forward primer name - optional
    Name of the forward direction PCR primer.

	forward primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	reverse primer name - optional
    Name of the reverse direction PCR primer.

	reverse primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	2nd forward primer name - optional
    Name of the 2nd forward direction PCR primer.

	2nd forward primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	2nd reverse primer name - optional
    Name of the 2nd reverse direction PCR primer.

	2nd reverse primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

#Sequence

	sequence - mandatory
    Sequence
