#Mandatory Fields and Questions

	organism - mandatory
    Full name of organism (generally Genus+species). Formal names should include subspecies (subsp.), variety (var.) and forma (f.) if applicable., Example: Nicotiana tabacum, Iris caucasica subsp. turcica, Aster indicus var. pinnatifidus

	5' cds location - mandatory
    Start of the matK coding region relative to the submitted sequence. For a full length CDS this is the position of the first base of the start codon.

	3' cds location - mandatory
    End of the matK coding region relative to the submitted sequence. For a full length CDS this is the position of the last base of the stop codon.

	cds partial at 5' ? (yes/no) - mandatory
    For an incomplete CDS with the start codon upstream of the submitted sequence.

	cds partial at 3' ? (yes/no) - mandatory
    For an incomplete CDS with the stop codon downstream of the submitted sequence.

	reading frame - optional
    Mandatory if your CDS is 5' partial as it defines the reading frame. Location of the first base of the first fully-encoded amino acid., Example: 1,2 or 3

	trnk intron present? - mandatory
    For 5' or 3' flanking region of the trnK gene intron being present in the submitted sequence.


#Basic Details

	clone identifier - optional
    Identifier given to each clone in a sequenced library., Example: a2314_1296, lib1_b_9

	isolate name - optional
    Name given to the sample or environmental isolate that has been sequenced., Example: isolate#3, 654g14, individual 5

	tissue type - optional
    The tissue type from which the DNA was extracted., Example: leaf, whole organism

#Further taxonomy

	subspecies - optional
    Name of subspecies of a plant. Should be included within the organism name as well., Example: turcica

	cultivar - optional
    Name of cultivated variety of a plant. Should not be included within the organism name., Example: Ixtapa, Maris Piper

	variety (varietas) - optional
    Officially recognised variety of a plant approved by the Botanical Code. Generally included in the organism name too, e.g., Amanita muscaria var. alba., Example: alba, pinnatifidus

	ecotype - optional
    A population within a given species displaying genetically based, phenotypic traits that reflect adaptation to a local habitat. Commonly applied to Arabidopsis thaliana stocks., Example: Columbia

#Repository Data

	specimen voucher - optional
    Reference to a physical specimen from a curated or lab herbarium, museum or tissue collection., Example: freetext like 99-SRNP-2003; structured like AMCC:101706

	biomaterial - optional
    Reference to a living specimen or direct DNA sample from zoos, aquaria, stock centres, seed banks, germplasm repositories and DNA banks. Use where Specimen Voucher are not appropriate., Example: freetext like AB12345; structured like CGC:CB3912

#Geographic Source

	country - optional
    Political name of country or ocean in which sequenced sample or isolate was collected., Example: France, China, Pacific Ocean

	geographic area - optional
    Political name of the area of country or ocean in which sequenced sample or isolate was collected. Must have Country selected., Example: Cambridgeshire, Bordeaux

	locality - optional
    More geographic-specific location where sequenced material was sourced. Must have Country AND Geographic area selected., Example: York, Colton, Loch Ness

	latitude/longitude - optional
    Geographical coordinates of the location where the specimen was collected, in decimal degrees (to 2 places)., Example: 47.94 N 28.12 W or 45.01 S 4.12 E

#Further Sample Data

	isolation source - optional
    Physical geography of sampling/isolation site., Example: river bank, shade of deciduous trees

	collection date - optional
    Date of collection of the original sample/organism., Example: 08-Mar-1975, Mar-1975, 1975

	collected by - optional
    A name of the person who collected the original sample/specimen., Example: J. Brown

#Supporting evidence

	inference type - optional
    Type of non-experimental evidence that supports the feature identification. Must have the field Inference Accession selected., Example: similar to DNA sequence

	inference accession - optional
    A reference to a database entry, must contain an accession and version, or an algorithm including version. Must have the field Inference Type selected., Example: FM123456.1

	experiment - optional
    Brief description of the nature of the experimental evidence that supports the feature., Example: Northern blot

#PCR Primers

	forward primer name - optional
    Name of the forward direction PCR primer.

	forward primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	reverse primer name - optional
    Name of the reverse direction PCR primer.

	reverse primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	2nd forward primer name - optional
    Name of the 2nd forward direction PCR primer.

	2nd forward primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

	2nd reverse primer name - optional
    Name of the 2nd reverse direction PCR primer.

	2nd reverse primer sequence - optional
    Sequences should be given in the IUPAC degenerate-base alphabet, except for the modified bases; those must be enclosed within angle brackets.

#Sequence

	sequence - mandatory
    Sequence
